# TAPIA

## Title

Progressive Web Apps 101

## Submission Type

Workshop

## Track

Technical

## Bio

Frances Coronel is a software engineer specializing in UI development on the Customer Acquisition Team at Slack.

She has been working professionally as a developer since 2015 and has both a Bachelors from Hampton University and a Masters in Computer Science from Cornell Tech.

Outside of work, her passions include contributing to open-source, public speaking and mentoring other URMs in tech.

She is also currently a board member for Techqueria.org, one of the largest communities for Latinx professionals in the tech industry.

## Qualifications

I've been in love with the web throughout my academic and professional career. I love the web because, unlike other platforms, the web is the most accessible and easy to build upon. Although the radio has served as the most accessible form of information ever since its origination, I believe the web can and will surpass the radio in both reach and value.

I've built multiple PWAs all on my own with my own website scoring very high on Lighthouse and have completed almost all of the PWA related online code labs available through Google.

I've even attended the PWA Roadshow and the Chrome Dev Summit by Google in San Francisco quite recently which allowed me to understand how PWAs work at a higher level.

In terms of prior speaking experience, I've given technical talks over 35 times so far on web design, coding bootcamps, TypeScript and how to get started in the tech field. I've given these talks not just at conferences but at hackathons and Meetups as well. You can see the full list of my prior and upcoming speaking engagements on my website.

https://www.fvcproductions.com/speaking

Through my prior speaking experience and tinkering outside of work, I believe I have the right amount of passion and engineering background to be able to inspire others to love the web just a little bit more with this talk on progressive web apps.

## Workshop Format

Lecture-sytle

## Abstract

This talk walks you through the steps of transforming an existing website into a Progressive Web App from the bottom up.

Together we’ll also explore the vast array of companies that have already benefited from the many enhancements PWAs offer and why they’re so successful in emerging markets.

## Detailed Description (up to 2 pages in length)

See Google Docs

## Target Audience Description

The intended audience members are either in school or in the industry and have a good grasp of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

However, PWAs would be a great topic to learn for a developer at any stage of their careers since it promotes many positive web development practices.

## Target Audience Career Stage

- [x] Undergrad
- [ ] Graduate
- [ ] Faculty
- [x] Industry
- [ ] Government
- [x] Early Career
- [x] Mid-Career
- [x] Senior Career
