## NGWL - New Generation Women Leaders

Dear McKinsey & Company,

One of my most notable accomplishments thus far has been being able to professionally speak for over 30 different events since 2015 on technical topics such as Progressive Web Apps, TypeScript, Open Source, Coding Bootcamps, Web Design and my career path in tech. I've given these talks not just at conferences but at hackathons and Meetups as well. You can see the full list of my prior and upcoming speaking engagements on my website.

Now, how would I benefit from attending NGWL?

The Bureau of Labor reported in 2016 that women made up only 25 percent of computing-related occupations. And when looking at women of color like myself, the numbers become even more ridiculously dismal with Latinas and Black women holding only 1% and 3% of computing jobs, respectively. So what can one conclude from all this? Well, first, let me provide some context.

A unicorn is a startup company (like Slack) valued at over $1 billion. The term was coined because the chances of a startup becoming a unicorn are very statistically rare (about 1.28% likely to happen).

This means that according to those standards, I'm quite literally a "unicorn" in the sense that I'm part of the 1% of Latinas that considers herself a die-hard software engineer.

Now I became aware of this isolation so long ago and have since developed a strong desire to want to motivate and aid those who want to enter the tech field but may not feel like they'll fit in. But to truly break down this stereotype, we need to have more Latinas pursuing tech careers.

Through the Next Generation Women Leaders program I'm hoping to not only learn how to become a better leader but ultimately, my goal lies in getting to the point where I can inspire others on a massive scale who grew up looking like me and show them that yes, Latinas can indeed code and lead in the tech industry. In any industry, really.

Sincerely,
Frances Coronel
